README.md, before:

# [Click here for the live site](https://eslcanvas.netlify.app/)

## About Dawn

I am a former teacher. The reason I started my code journey wasn't only because I love tech stuff and coding but also I wanted to create something to help my students grasp the lessons better. 

> I wanted to create something enjoyable yet teach the students.

Especially when I have online classes with my younger students, we like playing games like board games and answering questions on the board. 

Many different options exist on web that are made by other people. But they are either not simple enough (too many perks) or they don't have the tools we need (dice function etc.).

## About this project

> So this project came into life from this particular need.

It has very basic interface and it is too simple.

User can :

- upload and see the image;
- draw on the image;
- clear or undo the drawings;
- roll a dice to decide the next move;

## Accessibility 

- The page is fully accessible by "TAB" key and can be controlled by "arrow" keys
- Buttons have `aria-label` to explain what it does

### Tech stacks used 

- HTML
- SASS
- JavaScript

### What's next ?

As I use this project with my students, I might update or develop the project according to our needs. 

#### You have recommendations or feedback?

Feel free to reach me and tell me your ideas.

Commit message:

added new API for fun fact and wyr questions

README.md, after:

# [Click here for the live site](https://eslcanvas.netlify.app/)

## About Dawn

I am a former teacher. The reason I started my code journey wasn't only because I love tech stuff and coding but also I wanted to create something to help my students grasp the lessons better.

> I wanted to create something enjoyable yet teach the students.

Especially when I have online classes with my younger students, we like playing games like board games and answering questions on the board.

Many different options exist on web that are made by other people. But they are either not simple enough (too many perks) or they don't have the tools we need (dice function etc.).

## About this project

> So this project came into life from this particular need.

It has very basic interface and it is too simple.

User can :

- upload and see the image;
- draw on the image;
- clear or undo the drawings;
- roll a dice to decide the next move;

> 21.04.2022 update

- Added new page for random fun facts and random WYR questions
- user can generate new questions or facts

## Here are the APIs used in this project

- [link](https://api.aakhilv.me/)

## Accessibility

- The page is fully accessible by "TAB" key and can be controlled by "arrow" keys
- Buttons have `aria-label` to explain what it does

> Since I inteded to use this particular site for only on my desktop while having online classes, it's not responsive or suitable for mobile devices.

### Tech stacks used

- HTML
- SASS
- JavaScript

### What's next ?

As I use this project with my students, I might update or develop the project according to our needs.

#### You have recommendations or feedback?

Feel free to reach me and tell me your ideas.
